Update dbt seeds behavior explanation in methods.md (#8296)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

- Modifying `latest_version`: if there's no tie to a specific version, the reference or model will point to the latest version.
  -  If a newer version is released, the reference will automatically resolve to the new version, potentially changing the behavior or output of the system that relies on it.

> With regards to dbt seeds, seed files less than 1MB will only be included in the `state:modified` selector when the contents change, however seed files 1MB or more will be included in the `state:modified` selector only if the seed file path changes.

Reviewer: Thanks for opening this PR, @boxysean ! Please let me know if the suggested change below looks good:
```suggestion
dbt handles state comparison for seed files differently depending on their size:

- **Seed files smaller than 1 MiB** &mdash; Included in the `state:modified` selector only when the contents change.
- **Seed files 1 MiB or larger** &mdash; Included in the `state:modified` selector only when the seed file path changes.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with the proposed changes by @luna-bianca

> With regards to dbt seeds, seed files less than 1MB will only be included in the `state:modified` selector when the contents change, however seed files 1MB or more will be included in the `state:modified` selector only if the seed file path changes.

Reviewer 3: thanks for this suggestion! going to double check with the core team on the size as this core issue says mib https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/7117

Reviewer 3: asked [internally](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C05FWBP9X1U/p1765469265682549)

Author: I have to agree that "MiB" is more accurate, as the code says "1024 x 1024" bytes, which is indeed 1MiB (as compared to 1000 x 1000 bytes = 1MB)

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming, @boxysean ! Applied the changes [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8296/changes/c19f2bc25b33ebd8600aaec9aee8b7cde3b50c0b)
